[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
oh yeah
welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic initiation it's good to see everyone
tonight we were we have a little update on some music that'll be coming our way
it's a music and an artist lovely stuff but we are going to dive into
the Deep tonight I'm sorry I'm gonna be talking about a lot more drugs
you mean they can have more drugs than the ones that we've already looked at yes and we're going to be following that
thorn that thorn that sinks deep into the flesh we're gonna look for those Seven
Stars tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
thanks for joining us tonight I know your time is valuable so I'm gonna absolutely put the pedal to the metal
the ship is set we are going back to that first century but before we get
there we're gonna stop does anybody mind does anybody mind we're gonna stop make
a stop see some uh some of the mid 19th pull out a little bit of Jules Michelin
Jules Michelin French historian French historian he coined a word
a coined a word what was that Jewel Renaissance ah gorgeous gorgeous you
finally find the right people you know what I mean it's always those who are coining words those are the dragons yeah
those are the dragons tonight we're gonna have a two-part clip to start us off here to get us into the mood this is
Jules Michel'le be careful the punch is spiked with aphrodisiacs
I want you to be looking for them look for them tonight look for the
aphrodisiacs who run around maniacally I want us to see them
oh they're people love it let's start this first clip and I want
you to um just just enjoy just enjoy if you can please it's this one's on us Chewie go
ahead
oh
[Music]
foreign
[Applause] [Music]
[Music] foreign
[Music]
foreign
pursues that song protects and guards it only to be put to sleep
by her hand I want to find that paradise don't you
don't you I want to go back does it just I want to let everybody know
I want to let you in on a little secret those Rivers
those four rivers that leave Paradise
they bound it in that location that location is as plain as day
it's as plain as day look to the fastest right you'll find you'll find her there
with the dragon yeah in Paradise
who was it where's that junkie get that junkie Paul people by the way love working with junkie Paul so let's get
him down here's my here's my whip come on Paul come on yeah it's a don't down
he looks so sad he looks so sad I think I'm beating him too much Paul tell me
Paul the Apostle holy Paul can I call you holy Paul tell me what are your
people looking for you're looking for that third Uranus
you're looking for that third Uranus and tell me Paul do you remember how you got there everybody that was with us who was
on the ride we're going back right this is warp speed oh my God
we're going back to that point in time yeah here we are we're in that third
heaven right okay everybody's got the throne is everybody sitting on the
throne those of you with ears to hear will know you must be sitting on the throne what comes from the throne that's what
we're gonna see in the end today we looked at the misread clergy we saw
her we saw her being put through it can you smell it Goofy smell like goofy love it love it tonight
let's keep going let's go a little bit deeper and drive that thorn into the flesh a little bit deeper let's go back
should we hit those first of those texts that we've got there Thomas
is gorgeous gorgeous this is the mystery of
the Seven Stars which you see in my right hand
which you see in my right hand are we with that girl are we with her being put through that initiation let's go to the
second one I'll have to ask Dennis angular help the
eclipse who are these people
who are these angeloi you say wait a minute she had seven stars in her hand
she had seven stars in her hand right I am a Wandering Star she says
oh fantastic here they are
they're Messengers they're angular Paul's got one
that's why I told you to throw away those magic books Paul has his own thorn
Paul's got his own son what do you do with a thorn
well if you study ancient medicine [Music] you know that you're in a world you're
in a world of psychotropics you're in a world where
neurochemistry is the motto yes fantastic let's go to that let's go to
the very this one right about here here we go no this one perfect perfect look
at this people this is what you got to get as a scallops you got to get a scallops right and I blew this up I
brought this to you guys last time but this is what you got to get what is a scallops right it's a thorn or look at
this underneath the entry for the score we got the scrollopus funicos
yeah what is that what is the Phoenix what is this point x is the purple
fornix is the purple we've got Thorns of purple
yeah what are we gonna do go back to that Thorne's perfect place yep
watch what's happening people here all right notice we've got that reference to our Corinthians right second Corinthians
right notice in the number three it's an instrument for operating on urethra right fantastic it's the point of a
fishing hook yes yes so what is
Paul's scallops it's an instrument that is used to drive
the purple into the body into the body why because they know you
can't drink it doesn't work the same fantastic you need that scallops
yeah now what did Paul call his come here come here right some of you just
wanted me to hurt Saint Paul the Apostle gratuitously yeah
those of you who have given me those comments you should be ashamed of yourself
however I will indulge you oh yeah oh right on this little bottom
oh right there like that do you like that I do Saint Paul's buttocks is
bruised [Laughter] he's been smelling Angel's middle
fingers too much um what do we do in all seriousness what do we do with the uh with the thorn
right what does Paul what does it do for you right that sting
that sting is a Angelos wait wait what
the stings is an Angelos I can use this thing
and get messages I can get messages
you can you can't has anybody read the apocalypse Lately by the way I'm taking all this stuff from the apocalypse which
is all these are all texts this is your Bible because we're we're storming you're we're storming your Bible College
we just stormed into a Bible College we kicked the doors down we we strip naked
every professor's there and line them up we walked in we took their Greek tax we
said these are ours Chomps and we walked out with it they belong to us now
they belong to us your hoo-ha is just that it's that goes for seminaries
that goes for universities big and small private liberal College liberal private
university Saint so and so it doesn't matter it's all of you it's all of you
you've let us down so we're taking the text back and we're gonna we're gonna work on them
ourselves yeah we're gonna work on them ourselves let's go back we're at the Scopes it's an angel of who it's an
angel of Satan do you keep us here it's an angel of Satan
Satan it doesn't say that it's an angel of Satan because it's the look of the form of the word
oh it doesn't say s it is Satan
oh do you like that do you like that you thought you thought
you understood the universe you were living in you thought you knew who the devil was didn't you then you know thank
you sebaceous man holy mackerel this is wonderful this is wonderful
let's go back to the Greek let's keep going let's start let's let's get deeper
Paul's got this messenger thing just don't forget take it down just don't forget
Paul's got a messenger he's got an applicator that will set
take him to the third udanos and when he's there bum bum he gets the visions
he gets the Visions yeah yeah and what is the voice in his head
Satan brah did you know Paul the Apostle had Satan
in his brain that's too much that's too much
you didn't because you have lived in Disneyland all your life
and you follow fairy tales and you have buildings where you walk into the buildings
and they repeat the fairy tales and they give you some this and some of
that and none of it is the Christian mystery none of it I can tell you for a fact
take it take it from the board the board of Lucifer and Co
yeah the mystery is not being performed
do you want to know what it is that guy that was jacking himself with
purple yeah he knew he had been there he'd seen
me things that can't be repeated in with Mortal speech with Mortal tongue
things that can't be repeated yeah he'd seen them
and he knew he knew given let's dial him back up here we got to get some more
breaking there before these people get bored right yeah what's he gonna do he's
gonna go to that paradise here Pete we'll see that paladison there oh that says I'm not making it up folks it's
right there in your text he's getting the areta raymata right the things that
can't be repeated those not just newspaper clippings or not just
headlines they're not just ancient scroll um labels
none of that none of that this is the good stuff this is the good stuff
he is snatched away via his burning purple isn't that nice love it oh God the drugs
are getting wait there's more there's more drugs to come we need more drugs than this yes we do if we're gonna have
the apocalypse we need a lot of drugs sorry go let's bring up next one yeah so
what was given to him was a scallops and that is his Angelos satana okay Paul
keep Satan in your head and let's keep going look at this this is from the mistress
liturgy I just want you guys to look at the third line down this is 575 like
that yes right that's your log off that you're supposed to speak Eggo aim me
I am the wandering star with you with you she's addressing those seven
keep your eyes on those Seven Stars right your anchor is that fugatier that
daughter who is in the mystery right that's your key keep your eye on her
right because what is she gonna do
because she's gonna come out she's gonna what does it say turn it off she's going
to come out she's going to return
she's gonna return from where from the depths from the depths bro now you don't
know where that is right you don't know where that is because we're talking about
dimensions we're talking about the scene and the Unseen
right okay evangelicals you guys should have been you guys should have been saying
yeah yeah we know we know that's the way it is do you know what happened I put Paul with Isaiah the next thing Isaiah
had a big smile on his face I don't know what's going on I don't know but you got to keep those you got to keep that
from turning into something you know where it gets out of hand right
excellent let's go let's go to the next uh here right here under that text I
just want to give you a few words here yeah can we yeah can we blow that up
fantastic so I can get to oh this is Burning Man look at this this is what's going on in
the eyes of Jesus in the eyes of Jesus he touched me he touched me right oh he
touched me right show me where he tested you on the dolly right Jesus touched me with his burning eyes he's got flocks
poor in his eyes does everybody here realize that the Risen
the Risen take it down for just one minute the Risen vampire Jesus
right he who was dead he who became necross
he is the living flame he has the flocks in his eyes he has the flocks
in his eyes okay right there we're right in front of
him right in front bringing them right to you are you there in the right okay you're gonna hold on you're gonna get a
little turbulent here bring this up make me bigger well notice that it means to light up right to light up to burn or
Blaze as in a torch and then at the very bottom you see it's used to Passion
just passion is there a connection between this flocks and the stuff that
we gave you in your drink when you were coming in tonight is there something different is there
something nope it's the same thing it burns it burns ask any physician
any physician around town you know let's go to Rome let's take a side trip to Rome guys and I step out in the first
century let's ask a physician in Rome hey bro
does it burn and he says what do you think they call it the burning purple idiot
and you say okay uh can you tell me something about why that is great
ancient physician that's because the heat that's because the word the heat the
heat of what burning seed brah you got the heat of the burning seed
that causes you to thirst right oh what happens when you thirst
you get a lot to drink yeah yeah these druggies I tell you I
tell you people I mean this is again again when I say you people I'm not
talking to the congregation of Satan right I'm not talking about those those
of you who worshiped The Muse I'm not talking about those I'm talking about everyone that those Watchers talk about
yeah and I'm thinking how do they get to the point where their cult
creates their society um and the one that is dominant is the one
that started with sex and sex drugs
yeah sex and sex drugs man yeah that's what the Christians
Foundation is all about sex and sex drugs it's why they're forcefully raping children
right purification bra it's a Christian purification and from that you can get
the golden vessel [Music] love it you won't be born again Tommy
you want to be born again I know your parents aren't here I know your parents aren't here Tommy
yeah you ever see the devil Tommy [Music]
yeah Christianity thank you thank you Christianity for these roots of our
history now you know why the Watchers
you know now you know why they wear that color that they wear you know what I mean it's just you know it's too late
they already put on heavy gear right okay back to Sodom and Gomorrah let's go
where's the Fantastic look at this the flame of fire fire is the element what
is that flocks right well it comes from that burning it comes from that Shining
right and um you've got it as an element of nature
it's a very element of nature that's what burns in Jesus's eyes right the
flocks Ross let's go to that one yep let's see that one oh we've already seen
that we don't need that let's go down to the death that's the death yeah Kai toy
anguloy tastes and tastes you know write this to the you know to
that uh um church that's in to the Angel that's over the church in Smyrna yeah because
that Angelos we all know right remember Paul's got his Angelos he's got his
and these churches have theirs
did you think you were gonna get into the cult you knew you would right it's
gorgeous okay um so let's let's keep going what are we supposed to say to these people at
Smyrna remember we're getting our Visions right this is all Visions John is having visions he's taken into the
Raymond right and I'll show you in just a second but here and yeah to that Angelus and Smyrna you know write these
things yeah Todd protest who the first and the answer the
completion the first in the completion is talking to you right the one who is
the one who became dead and flamed out that's actually an errors
isn't that funny people want to translate this came to life
because it fits it fits the fairy tale Ryan where's Mr Rogers when you need him
this is gorgeous this is gorgeous you guys I'm telling you New Testament
scars can I just take a step back today um and say New Testament Scholars out
there um you guys seminaries
dude you have done such a poor job such a poor job
you didn't even think for a minute hey if I want to understand this one document maybe I should read everything
else around it maybe I should know how words develop over time in Greek
right no that's not what you did it's not what you did you lousy lousy shoddy stuff that's what
brings the you know that's why we have to have that whole apocalypse thing Guardians let down let's go to the next
one yeah look at this here's the look you can have the same route for that one
that means to live or to burn and you can have it too
bring something to life look at this ethereon tosama
[Music] yeah that theriac the Beast
right bringing back bringing back producing
interesting yeah makes me smell Aphrodite all of this purple drug use
makes me smell Aphrodite never forget that's where we are okay next text we
got a couple more we got to give I just wanted you guys to see the aphroduce right look at how they translate voluptu
were right these are the people who are on the aphrodisiacs right
um in plural it's the worshipers of Aphrodite at Rhodes right oh the lessee
of a public Bravo so when somebody tells you that cup of
cornea is waiting for us yeah you see don't do that
don't do that don't they think it means to offer flesh to Idols did you hear
that did you hear that they think it means to offer to eat meat offered to
stones they don't realize right how could they you guys coded this
stuff up too much right we got to go back to the Greek people to make sense of it and when you do it's shocking
what's the next one on there give me the next one look at this this is just Zao right oh just drink some of this in just
just drink it in to be burnt alive that's something okay let's go on and to
that angel yeah that's inside Tyra the Church of thyatara write these things
say you the son of God
as that flocks of Fire and he's got those feet
those calculus feet and you say want to see half net means
that means breastfeed yeah no
it's bad I shouldn't laugh don't do that it shouldn't laugh it's not funny when
you desecrate the temple it's not funny okay let's keep going let's keep going
um yeah um and to that guy you know he's got the
we're done with him yeah whoever knows the Deep things but there to
satana do you know the Deep things of Satan did you know it was possible to know the Deep things of Satan when a
cultist walks out of history and walks up to you and they're all dressed funny you know they got specific garments
maybe it's the all one color and it's got little fringes of this and they did they smell like they've walked into a
perfumery and it exploded around them right that's what they smell like I mean
you know it's kind of it's kind of neat you could put that person on altar burn them and it would make the whole place
smell great they did that with fingers in the Middle Ages um so yeah fantastic fantastic let's go
back to our text the next text yeah those are those who know those deep things right of Satan and we don't we
don't because you know you're just a bunch of time traveling historian investigators trying to bring forward a
a a warrant for Jesus Christ um and we're going to catch him with a
naked boy in a public park right fantastic let's do another one I will give to him
see that illuminat looking thing over the eel on that last word that means you pronounce it too it doesn't get sucked
into any vowels around it right I will give to him
the Morning Star I will give him the Morning Star what is
this with these people and all of their drugs and now I was getting drug after
drug in the stars and the me getting boosted up into the third uranos the
third heaven right it's a dirty dirty party of
drunkards that's what it is did you ever notice that Peter James and John those
three Knuckleheads that were supposed to keep watch while Jesus was with the naked kid in the PRI in the public park
you know at 4am does anybody notice that those three dudes kept falling asleep
yeah did anybody notice that the text says Mark says Jesus is confused he's
bewildered brah we got a con Dazed and Confused Jesus
strutting around in a public park it's a cemetery at four in the morning
with the naked kid and his guards fell asleep did you ever
want to ask yourself next time you're in evangelicals next time you're in Sunday school ask your pastor or your Bible
teacher right even if you're you know even if it's your you're in junior Bible
study right it doesn't have to be anything serious just approach your Authority and ask him ask him about that moment
ask him about uh why are these guys all on drugs why is one of them why is Jesus
Calling himself a child trafficker why is he doing this
right ask him they won't know because kitties because they follow the fairy
tales right we're born and bred in our land of the mouse
our land of Thee of The Great Mouse of entertainment yeah right so we follow
our fairy tales this one's a little bit darker right the the actual history is
it's always more interesting the fairy tale you knew it when you were reading it you knew it you were like this stuff
doesn't make sense right well okay here we're here to show you what it actually was so it will make sense go ahead bring
the bring the next one up okay [Music]
now what comes out of the throne okay I'm gonna say this is this is the climax
that I was hoping to get to with debris okay so hold on hold on audience talking about talking about the coming drugs
this is fantastic okay here we go are you ready
the throne [Music] is the drug
in its compound form and when you get the drug what does it
give you here we have a description consistent across text including our
Greek magical papyri this is the same stuff that you guys saw in the Memphis liturgy
all right same actions what does the drug do what does the drug actually do
when you're sitting on the throne when you were sitting on the throne this is fantastic let's go to the text and see
what the drug same taxi we're just uh see what the drug does from that Throne
comes
foreign oh my God phone eye let's start with
that voices [Music] voices from the throne
of Lady Babylon Comes The Voice love it love it gorgeous go back to the
text what else I stop this right pie oh my god
um when you look up look up you know who was born of the Astra pie you know was
born of the lightning yeah simile mother of Dionysus was born of the
lightning the virgin who had intercourse with God the Virgin who had intercourse with God
none of us believed her so now we gotta sit through the whole play
isn't that gorgeous oh my God that's what comes out of the throne
lightening lightning comes from the throne and what
else there's one more lightning and voices and foreign
[Music] Ty says oh dude dude he's a world that
sees he's a he's a monster he's a monster born of this Cosmos
oh who sees in the round his vision is the future and the past at
the present that's what you call a cycle
yeah all right what do I need my Thorn In the
Flesh for I need to have the lightning
I need to have the lightning it's the power of God do you know what
that lightning does oh yeah yeah give me your lightning
bathe me in your lightning and with that the initiates enter into
the death behold I have the flocks poor in my eyes I
am the son of God yeah son of Zeus
son of Zeus let's keep going with the text you're gonna be surprised when it all comes out
right these you're saying wait a minute these classical texts are overlapping with the Bible yes yes welcome right no
they weren't beams there but a foreign planet right and out of context now give us back that passage Chewie yeah yeah
and from that Throne right and in front of that Throne Is this Burning Fire dudes it's this Burning source of light
yeah and what is all of that that's the seventh parameter that's the seven
spirits in my hand
Seven Stars in my hands Seven Stars yeah okay okay
let's keep going go down to the next text we're almost done I'm sorry I made us go so long people and um what does
this Angel do now for those of you who are thinking okay I'm too deep into this narrative I'm gone I don't know where I
am I forgot that we were at a ritual um I forgot there were no vicious I
forgot that there was an initiation right I'm I'm losing the picture for
those of you who are at that place let's just go back to what's actually happening and that's what this text gives us this ain't Angelos right this
Angel he did what he grabbed up some lebanaton right and a lot of people a lot of the
translations will give this to you as some kind of sensor or something to burn something in
yeah um only because it's post after the fact right
um so he took some Lee banats on and let's just look at what leaving Otto says frankincense yeah frankincense
guess what the Magi are still there people can you smell them when that Magi
came in and farted everybody smelled it for a week right that's the place we are
historically here's the frankincense with him right and look at it also means look at the very bottom number three
what the what is it well I told my I'm telling all of my Greek students right
that they that everything in Greek um Can goes back to some verb right
they're verb heavy for deriving um words and developing Concepts so it's
very verb heavy you just go back to the verbs and see what does it mean to to believe in Ortiz or something it means
to fumigate with frankincense sense to fumigate it and what does it fumigate
remember the scythians they don't take baths they take they fumigate themselves
cannabis right isn't that nice they fumigate themselves and who did we read a couple a couple of
days ago who did we read was the origin of fumigation who did they say was the
origin of fumigation that was cimaranas right so we're performing something they
were doing they were doing the queen of Babylon was doing right the medwa was
the queen of Babylon she is fumigating you fumigating you let's go back to the
text well yeah and um nope nice one down
no no did we miss what was that one we were just at here leaving them out okay
um yeah so yeah I want you guys to see that this frankincense is a part big
part of the picture and it gets so crazy that the frankincense is used to be able
to see the future so there are
manes their appear their mantics who are entering a
frankincense Mania a frankincense Mania
right okay and um that's because they've been fumigated
one too many times and libano Mana is the really the grain now here we're
going to crack something those of you are going to say oh oh this is Hebrew oh Manna is Hebrew right
you fell into the same trap right there you are in Assad's Palace and he's got
you down there he's got you tied up he's doing things you got to take what's in that bowl that the priest pushes out
into the hallway you got to take what's in that um and give it to the other guy and the
other guy will smear it all over his body and um you know it's a thing it's a thing
welcome to the world of decide those of you who thought that was the picture Mana Manna is not a Hebrew word it's a
Greek word that was there before the earliest Proto Hebrew
yes but you only believed it because you took the masoretic path you followed
King James even if you didn't care right that's just the way you were pushed so
yeah what are those what is mana mana is actually a granular form it's a type of
when you take the drug and you can break it into a powder you can prepare it as a
powder or some kind of granule in order to burn those right that's what they're
talking about with that Manna so the frankincense Manna is simply that
powdered frankincense and if we can put back up a couple more let's
from where we were put up where we were good look at what this is leaving omantis what's it leaving on mantis you
didn't believe me when I said this but here here this person is one that divines from the smoke of Frankincense
so these Magi that were high right because all Magi are high all the
time right what do they do for what do they do for um Jesus right they're giving him the
drugs that he will need to kick himself
into Uranus to be that son well you see how it works you can't be
the Christo somebody this week was telling me that a classicist told them
it turns out this this person was in classist anyway they're a new testament scholar right and
um a new testament scar who's been reading Josephus did somebody just crack one it smells like dirty rotten onions
in here sulfur to purify this place bro right when I hear somebody's red Josephus
or translated Josephus I smell the fart of eggs
[Music] yeah I do when somebody quotes Josephus what you
need to do is realize that an angel just farted in your face
yeah right in your face it's not funny
it's not funny it's not it's you can stop Angel farting
okay all right we have to we have to do the Greek and this person was saying oh
Christ it just means to be rubbed with oil mashiach right it starts quoting some things that
are not in the text and have nothing to do with the words no the Greeks if this guy had read more than Josephus he would
know that aletho is the common word for rubbing oil into somebody
comes originally from the word that means to be stung by
the godfly when you have the
thorn in your flesh [Music]
you are invincible you are invincible and you have that
Oracle of Jehovah you've got his Oracle you've got that place open
right next thing you know you'll get the flocks in your eyes
you'll get those Brazen feet you get those Brazen feet and what's he doing
with those Brazen feet right you know it's we need to realize that this is People
Are People and that what we've got is a cult full of drugged out sex maniacs
and once you come to those that understanding when you see those
parameters of what your religion is it it kind of makes uh
makes a lot more sense yeah it makes a lot more sense
um and all of a sudden those funny odd passages that have what and we don't really not translate them shame on you
people shame on you Scholars that you didn't give this information this is okay do we have any more texts I know
this is we're going awfully long I just want you to see that this Mania can also just come from another boisterous
another sting another gad fly right how did she prophesy she prophesies your
honor through the power of that ostrus
now wait bring that back up I want everybody to see this look at if you look up mana right you'll get right away
a division a and two and one of them uh appears to be
um based upon really hardcore Greek text look at the first ones mentioned diascortis diascortis he's a doctor
right who deals in drugs he writes about drugs that's his thing right
um look at Hippocrates is in here using it right or a basis Orab is orobasius
that's the personal physician of Julian the apostate right look Galen that's the
personal physician of Marcus Aurelius yeah so this word is used from an older
Greek meaning which then they had to the victorians had to say well wait a minute we know that half of us are Bible
scholars and they're going to want to say this is from Hebrew garbage
garbage garbage I defined you to find me a word in English like that
now that has magical roots in a different language no no that's just bad Linguistics bro
that is just appropriation from the mazarites right this has got to be the holy Hebrew
Hebrews got to be the holy language you can't be not the oldest right it can't be
and if it makes you feel any better you want to trace your you want to trace those roots through the through Babylon
through ER nah dude dude this mystery is being
performed before before your people and before the people
that came before your people yeah this is old this is old stuff right
so if you're gonna argue if you're gonna argue linguistics don't use the ones that are made up
don't use the tools that are made up get the science going
all right did you see how that word Mana is used within the medicine do you see all those doctors I just showed you
guess what Bible scholars don't read
they don't read this stuff you are getting information that nobody
else is getting this opens up a reality that you didn't
know was there but is yeah we just went in to their Citadel we
knocked everything down right clonius get off that get off that
Guardian I can see him over there I can see everybody which is which is burst in like a bunch of mean ads we'll take our
clubs and we'll just bust Everything To Pieces yeah turns out Christianity
turns out you are based
in sexual gratification while under the influence of mind altering drugs your
master entered into death for the sake of being revived
yes bunch of dirty cultists you'll never
wipe off that stain Jesus Christ was arrested in a public park with a naked
boy tonight we got The Thorn In the Flesh
we have the messenger of Satan we have Satan himself
providing us with that oracular voice
what do I want to see from that Throne I want to see lightning and I want to hear voices this is gorgeous people we're
getting there we're getting there and with a little bit more deep diving
you will be able to assemble all of the drugs necessary for your own Christian
mystery yes yes for the next time we meet
we will be looking at our ability to revive the mystery and
we're going to do that by looking at people who've done it in the past and who wrote about it and wrote about
the experience and people who entered into it and the people who didn't like him the people who tried to shut them
down so we'll get a little bit of the you get a little bit of the history of the
mystery that's what we'll get thank you for your time tonight I appreciate it and I want to remind everybody that Zane
Campbell who is singing the songs of our satanic initiation is right now working
on a new song about Jesus and a naked boy in a public park thank you for
coming tonight everybody have a good weekend hail Satan drinking whiskey
[Music] [Applause]
hey [Music] [Applause]